---
uid: HV_ccfb5cc2-4c77-4eea-8813-8faa65686c3a
title: email-messages
---

# email-messages

## Overview

Property|Value
---|--- 
Name|email-messages 
Family|wc 
Version|1

## Examples

ID|Name
---|--- 
CreateAccount|Hi, {0}:<br/><br/>Welcome to HealthVault, a trusted place for you to organize, store, and share health information online.<br/><br/>Here are some of the things HealthVault can help you do:<br/>- Prepare for an emergency<br/>- Reach your health and fitness goals<br/>- Share important health information with your loved ones<br/>- Improve communication with your healthcare providers<br/>- Organize your information and manage the health of your family, even pets<br/><br/>Your HealthVault account can also connect with a growing number of web, mobile, and desktop apps. Apps help you get more out of, and put more into, HealthVault.<br/><br/>Ready to start using HealthVault to help manage your family's health?<br/><br/>Let's get started!<br/><br/>1. Copy and paste this URL into your browser to verify this email address and get started with HealthVault:<br/><br/>Because fraudulent ("phishing") email often uses misleading links, Microsoft recommends that you do not click links in email, but instead copy and paste them into your browser.<br/><br/>{1}<br/><br/><br/>If you prefer to receive these notifications at a different email address, or to add an alternate address where you can be reached with important service notices, after following the link go to your account settings and update your contact information.<br/><br/><br/>Thanks,<br/>The Microsoft HealthVault Team<br/><br/>Please do not reply to this message. We are unable to respond to messages sent to this email address.<br/>Microsoft is committed to protecting your privacy. Read the HealthVault privacy statement.<br/><br/>Microsoft Corporation<br/>One Microsoft Way<br/>Redmond, WA. USA 98052 
UpdateContactEmailAddress|Your email address has been updated<br/><br/>Hi, {0}—<br/><br/>Thanks for updating your email address on HealthVault.<br/><br/>Next, please verify this email address so that we you can get important messages here.<br/><br/>Concerned about phishing? Copy and paste this URL into your browser instead:<br/><br/>{1}<br/><br/><br/>Thanks,<br/>The Microsoft HealthVault Team<br/><br/>Please do not reply to this message. We are unable to respond to messages sent to this email address.<br/><br/>Microsoft is committed to protecting your privacy. Read the HealthVault privacy statement.<br/><br/>Microsoft Corporation<br/>One Microsoft Way<br/>Redmond, WA. USA 98052 
SharingInvite|{3}<br/><br/>{0}<br/><br/>HealthVault is a free, online service that lets you store all of your health information in a single, organized location, use it with a variety of tools, and share it with others you trust.<br/><br/>If you accept this invitation, you'll be able to add {1}'s record to your own HealthVault account and have access to the information stored there.<br/><br/>Accept or reject this invitation now.<br/><br/>Concerned about phishing? Copy and paste this URL into your browser instead:<br/><br/>{2}<br/><br/>You'll be asked to sign in to HealthVault, or create an account if you don't already have one. You'll then arrive at a page where you can accept or reject this invitation.<br/><br/>{4}<br/><br/>Thanks,<br/>Microsoft HealthVault Customer Support<br/><br/><br/>Please do not reply to this message. We are unable to respond to messages sent to this email address.<br/><br/>Your email address was used solely to send this message and will not be retained or used for any other purpose. Read the HealthVault privacy statement.<br/><br/>Microsoft Corporation<br/>One Microsoft Way<br/>Redmond, WA. USA 98052 
RemoveAppRecordAuth|Hi, {0}—<br/><br/>An app has discontinued its access to {1}'s record in your HealthVault account. This app will no longer transfer any information to or from this record.<br/><br/>Apps that connect with HealthVault may discontinue access to HealthVault records at any time, for any reason.<br/><br/>To get more details:<br/>1. Sign in to your HealthVault account and select {1}'s record.<br/>2. Click the History of changes tab.<br/>3. Under Other activity, click Miscellaneous and access-related changes to {1}'s record.<br/><br/>A table will appear that lists the date and the app's action to discontinue its access. If you have any questions, you can learn more by visiting the HealthVault Solution Center at: {2}.<br/><br/>Thanks,<br/>Microsoft HealthVault Customer Support<br/><br/>Please do not reply to this message. We are unable to respond to messages sent to this email address.<br/><br/>Microsoft is committed to protecting your privacy. Read the HealthVault privacy statement: {3}<br/><br/>Microsoft Corporation<br/>One Microsoft Way<br/>Redmond, WA. USA 98052 
ReconciliationMail|Review and add new health information in HealthVault<br/><br/>Dear {0}:<br/><br/>HealthVault needs your help to review and add new health information that's been sent by {1} to {2}'s record.<br/><br/>To review and add information, copy and paste this address into your browser.<br/><br/>{4}<br/><br/>Thanks for using HealthVault!<br/>The Microsoft HealthVault Team<br/><br/>Please do not reply to this message. We are unable to respond to messages sent to this email address.<br/><br/>Microsoft is committed to protecting your privacy. Read the HealthVault privacy statement: {6}<br/><br/>Microsoft Corporation<br/>One Microsoft Way<br/>Redmond, WA. USA 98052 
AutoReconciliationMail|Review new health information in HealthVault<br/><br/>Dear {0}:<br/><br/>{1} has sent new health information to {2}'s record.<br/><br/>To review the information, copy and paste this address into your browser:<br/><br/>{4}<br/><br/>Thanks for using HealthVault!<br/>The Microsoft HealthVault Team<br/><br/>Please do not reply to this message. We are unable to respond to messages sent to this email address.<br/><br/>Microsoft is committed to protecting your privacy. Read the HealthVault privacy statement: {6}<br/><br/>Microsoft Corporation<br/>One Microsoft Way<br/>Redmond, WA. USA 98052 
ApplicationManagerInvite|Dear {0}:<br/><br/>{1} has sent you an invitation to become an administrator for {2}.<br/><br/>To accept the invitation, paste the following link into your browser's address bar: {3}.<br/><br/>You can learn more about managing a HealthVault application by visiting HealthVault Developer Center at http://msdn.microsoft.com/healthvault.<br/><br/>Thank you for using HealthVault!<br/>The HealthVault Team<br/><br/>PS:<br/>You have received this email because a current administrator of a HealthVault application has invited you to become an administrator.<br/> <br/>Microsoft respects your privacy. To learn more about Microsoft's privacy policy, please visit http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/default.mspx.<br/> <br/>Microsoft Corporation<br/>One Microsoft Way<br/>Redmond, WA 98052 
ContractConfirmation|This email confirms you have a HealthVault account. You'll soon receive an additional email containing more information to help you get started with HealthVault.<br/><br/>HealthVault is an online personal health record that you can use right away. It's designed to make it easy to store personal health information for yourself and people whose information you help manage, and to share and exchange information with other people and programs if you choose. You can find more information about HealthVault at www.healthvault.com. There is no charge for your Microsoft HealthVault account. *<br/><br/>There is no expiration date for your account. You can close your account at any time by signing in to your account and following instructions at the Help link for closing your account.<br/><br/>Microsoft does not offer warranties for the service. You should always review information in your records to make sure it's accurate and up to date before using it, and keep backup copies of important information.<br/><br/>You can save and print the service agreement at {8}, and privacy statement at {9}.<br/><br/>Please do not reply to this message. We are unable to respond to messages sent to this email address. Microsoft respects your privacy. To learn more, please read our Privacy Statement.<br/><br/>Microsoft Corporation<br/>One Microsoft Way<br/>Redmond, WA. USA 98052<br/><br/>* Your Internet service provider may charge for connect time. Programs you can use with HealthVault are not operated by Microsoft, and may charge fees. Please make sure you understand their terms before deciding whether to use them. 
ContractConfirmationSubject|HealthVault Signup Confirmation 
CreateAccountSubject|Welcome to Microsoft HealthVault 
UpdateContactEmailAddressSubject|Microsoft HealthVault - Contact E-mail Updated 
SharingInviteSubject|{0} wants to share a health record with you 
SharingInviteGreeting|Hi,<br/><br/>{0} wants to share {1}'s health record with you. 
SharingInviteGreetingWithApplication|Hi,<br/><br/>{0} has invited you to access {1}'s HealthVault health record that includes health information from {2}. 
SharingInviteHeader|Invitation to access a HealthVault record 
SharingInviteHeaderWithApplication|Invitation to access HealthVault including information from {0} 
SharingInviteExpirationWarningOneDay|This invitation will expire in {0} day. 
SharingInviteExpirationWarningMultipleDays|This invitation will expire in {0} days. 
RemoveAppRecordAuthSubject|An app has discontinued its access to your HealthVault account 
ReconciliationMailSubject|Review and add new health info in HealthVault 
AutoReconciliationMailSubject|Review new health information in HealthVault 
ApplicationManagerInviteMailSubject|Invitation to become an administrator for a HealthVault application 
FederatedIdentityWelcomeEmailPrefix|{2}We want to make sure you never lose access to your data in HealthVault. So, please {0} add a backup way to sign in.{1}{2} 
ValidateEmailContent|{0}Click the link above to verify this email address and get started with HealthVault. If you prefer to receive these notifications at a different email address, or to add an alternate address where you can be reached with important service notices, after clicking the link go to your account settings and update your contact information.{0} 
AddAppRecordAuthSubject|You have authorized access to your HealthVault account 
WelcomePairedUserSubject|Discover the benefits of HealthVault Insights